SAVR IDE V0.2.0
==============
Copyright (c) 2007 
Adam Harris
adam(dot)sheekgeek(at)gmail(dot)com
This software is covered by the BSD... I guess.

--------
Purpose:
--------

This program is a simple IDE for AVR chips. It includes the ability to 
use AVRA.exe to assemble and AVRdude.exe to program AVR chips.

Basically this program was written to take the place of all the larger 
AVR IDEs. It's as basic as it gets, no bloat. That means that it won't install
and end up being 20MB or 80MB like other IDEs. I think with everything installed, 
this program is like 2.5MB (including the assembler and the programmer).

-------------
Requirements:
-------------
Windows XP for now, this was written in FLTK so it should compile on any 
system that supports FLTK. Mac, Linux, Unix, and Windows.

Currently I will package AVRdude and AVRA with the program, unless I figure
out in their licenses that I'm not supposed to.
 
I may not package AVRA.exe or AVRdude with the program. If not, please
place AVRA.exe into the "SAVR_IDE" directory so the path to AVRA.exe 
is .../SAVR_IDE/avra.exe. Similarly, AVRdude.exe  and avrdude.conf should be in a the 
SAVR_IDE directory under a directory named "bin" so the paths will be
".../SAVR_IDE/bin/avrdude.exe" and ".../SAVE_IDE/bin/avrdude.conf".

If compiling for linux, take out the .exe form the system calls.

-------------
Installation:
-------------
Obviously, you have installed it... otherwise you wouldn't be reading this.

Well just in case, here it is:
Unzip or unrar the folder into what ever directory you want.
If you need to install AVRA and AVRdude, please read how to in the 
"requirements" section above. AVRdude may also require you to 
install giveio.dll. I will eventually put an option in SAVR to do this.

------
Usage:
------
When you open the program the window that opens will be the text editor window. I used the example FLTK
editor.cxx program to do this. I modified it a bit to get the functionality I wanted
but mainly its the same.  The "Options" menu is my attempt to write a simple 
GUI for avrdude. I tried to use the avrdude-GUI with SAVR, but every thime I opened it, 
the editor window froze, and it sucked all my CPU usage for a while on startup.

Typing code:
Type your AVR assembly code in the editor window. 

Assembling Code:
Go to "Project-->Assemble" or it F5 to assemble the code. 

Programming a Chip:
Go to "Project-->Options". This window autohides for some reason after making a selection,
to prevent this, move the window to an open space on your desktop. Select which type of function you want to do, 
the chip you are using, the programmer, and the port.  

When all selections have been made, select "Project-->Program" or hit F9.

--------
History:
--------
This took me about a week or so of actual work. I wrote it at night after work.
Probably could have done it in 2 or 3 days total,
but I had to learn a bit before doing certain steps. I'm still a beginner.

This program has only been tested with AtTiny2313 chip usinga DAPA and DT006 programmers.

------
To do:
------

-Fix inherited "Save" and "Save As" problems

-Fix syntax highlighting and add options for it

-Add options for AVRdude

-Add popen capability for the editor window and get rid of the console window

-clean up the code (its nasty and not commented very well, if at all)

-use better methods for writing avrdude options

-compile on other systems

-Add GCC support


-----------------
About the Author:
-----------------

	I've written C++ code for a year or two. I'm not the best, I barely know what 
I'm doing, haha. I took an intro to C++ class at college and hated every minute 
of it. Since then I have written a couple of programs using BGI stuff. Now I 
am getting into FLTK. I don't have a good understanding of writting GUIs 
(I'm not to good with "classes") so I guess my work isn't all that clean, 
but it works.  I'm open for suggestions, help and support in C++ if anyone's 
willing to give it to me.

	As far other stuff goes, I program ASM pretty good, I own SheekGeek 
(http://www.sheekgeek.com) and ProjectBloc.com (http://www.projectbloc.com), 
I play guitar, I build stuff, and I think that's it. 

Anyway, I hope you like my program!!!
--Adam





